---
layout: post
title: "Issues"
date: 2024-07-06 00:00:00 -0000
category: [Information]
permalink: issues
sm-header-img: ''
md-header img: ''
---

## Our Mission
Young people are growing up into a world where we feel powerless. Our political systems are broken, our economy is a trap between high costs and barriers to opportunity, and the American Dream has become a broken promise for many of us.

The Young People’s Alliance is a political home for young people across party lines who are solving the biggest challenges of our era:

&nbsp;&nbsp;🗽 Autonomy: Taking back control over our lives.

&nbsp;&nbsp;🏭 Economy: Creating an economic future for young people.

&nbsp;&nbsp;🏛️ Democracy: Building a democracy responsive to our generation.

## Issues

## Autonomy

We support regulating social media platforms to protect young people's autonomy online.
- Social media companies collect data on everything about us, and use that data to manipulate us to stay online for as long as possible. For our generation to thrive, we must be free from manipulative practices that restrict our ability to spend our time the way we want. At the same time, we must ensure that any tech regulation maximizes our freedom online, and would not censor speech. We endorse the [Kids Online Safety Act](https://youngpeoplesalliance.org/joint_kosa_announcement.pdf) in Congress and created the [Social Media Algorithmic Control in IT Act](https://www.ncleg.gov/BillLookUp/2023/H644) in North Carolina.

We support regulating AI companions.
- Companies have recently sprung up targeting young people with the promise of AI companions. These platforms use manipulative practices to make users emotionally dependent on the chatbots, and weaken our generation's ability to build meaningful relationships with each other. We believe that AI companions should be regulated to ensure that they are used in ways that enable us to live fulfilling lives, rather than using manipulative practices to make us lonelier.

We are exploring other policies related to building robust social infrastructure and otherwise supporting young people's capacity for self-direction.

## Economy

Our economic priorities are currently in development. We expect to publicly release policy in early 2025. We are taking an interest in policies related to economic mobility, education, and consumer protection.

## Democracy

We support requiring AI generated content to be labeled on online platforms.
- Endorsed [S.2691](https://www.congress.gov/bill/118th-congress/senate-bill/2691), the AI Labeling Act of 2023 by Senators Schatz (D-HI) and Kennedy (R-LA). As digital natives, the internet is a key source of information for our generation, and identifying AI-generated content is critical to maintaining public trust and prevening misinformation.

We support centering youth perspectives in policymaking.
- Endorsed [H.4444](https://www.congress.gov/bill/118th-congress/house-bill/4444), a bill to establish the Office of Young Americans in the White House. It is time for our voices to become a genuine part of the political conversations, rather than being spoken for by parents and pundits.